DeleteReportedEmail (script) - Improve Error Handling (#26363)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/3_5_17.md

#### Scripts

##### DeleteReportedEmail

> - Fixed an issue where if context data about the original E-Mail is missing, the script would fail with a vague error instead of a proper error message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where if context data about the original email is missing, the script would fail with a vague error instead of a proper error message. 
```
